Moengage:

I have a total of 6+ years of experience.
I am currently working in Moengage as a Senior solutions engineer from the last 3 years.


"Senior Solutions Engineer with 6+ years of experience in helping customers setting up the API calls, Automating manual task with the help of Python, handling AWS environment, Data requests and Customer Escalations."

Moengage is a customer engagement platform, where clients uses it to send notification to the end users.

one of the key responsbilites is  to troubleshoot failiures, deterermine best course of action, consult with programmers to expalin about software errors or to recommed any changes.

Handling incident tickets and follow-up until closure keepig in mind about SLAs and MTTR.

Undersatnding the Product Flow, keep ourself updated with the new features.
Understanding client requirements and suggesting the solution to them.

Recognize both basic and advanced problems, conduct research, provide resolutions and follow up with customers as needed, escalating more complex cases to the appropriate team.

Documenting issues.


Earlier Worked on Integrations project - REST API calls.
o Interface with our partners to talk about technical concepts, and explain how API works
o Help our partners complete validation with the help of a pre-go-live checklist for integrations
o Create technical documents (sample code) to show partners how to implement best practices
o Constantly provide feedback to internal teams to improve engineering standards



------------------------------------------

I have total 6+ years of experience in helping customers setting up the API calls, Automating manual task with the help of Python, handling production (AWS) environment, handling Data requests and Customer Escalations.

I am currently working in Moengage as a Senior solutions engineer for the last 3 years.
Moengage is a customer engagement platform, where clients uses it to send notification to the end users.

The Key responsbilites are:
1. Handling incident tickets and follow-up until closure keeping in mind about SLAs and MTTR.
2.to troubleshoot failiures, deterermine best course of action, consult with programmers to expalin about software errors or to recommed any changes.
3. Undersatnding the Product Flow, keep ourself updated with the new features.
4. Understanding client requirements and suggesting the right solution to them.
5. Recognize both basic and advanced problems, conduct research, provide resolutions and follow up with customers as needed, escalating more complex cases to the appropriate team.
6. Documenting issue
7. Onbarding new team members 



I have worked as an intergartaion engineer:

 Interface with our partners to talk about technical concepts, and explain how API works
o Help our partners complete validation with the help of a pre-go-live checklist for integrations
o Create technical documents (sample code) to show partners how to implement best practices
o Constantly provide feedback to internal teams to improve engineering standards


